Add a tutorial for PyTorch Flight recorder (#3024)
pytorch/tutorials: prototype_source/flight_recorder_tutorial.rst

> (prototype) Flight Recorder for Debugging

Reviewer: Can you please add the following sections:
- What you will learn
- Prerequisites
- Conclusion
Please follow this template: 
https://github.com/pytorch/tutorials/blob/main/beginner_source/template_tutorial.py

get stuck.
    - Synchronization Issues: In distributed training, different parts of the computation are often run in parallel and need
to be synchronized at certain points. If this synchronization fails, the job can get stuck. For example, a deadlock can
occur if one or ranks fail to join a collective while the remaining ranks have joined. This results in an
indefinite wait for the job to progress.

Flight Recorder captures diagnostics information as collectives run. The diagnostic information can be used to help root
cause the underlying issue. There are 2 core parts to flight recorder.
- The collection portion. When enabled, information about collectives are recorded in an in-memory circular buffer.
Upon job timeout, or on demand, the in-memory buffer can be retrieved or dumped to file.
- An analyzer script is available in the `pytorch/tools/flight_recorder` directory (details below).

Enabling Flight Recorder
------------------------
There are two required environment variables to get the initial version of flight recorder working.
   - TORCH_NCCL_TRACE_BUFFER_SIZE (0, N where N is a postitive number) N = collection enabled. Recommended to set this

>      to 2000)

Reviewer 2: Hi, I have a little bit confusion about measure of 2000, is it like MB, KB or some kind of internal definition? I think It would be better to explain how to custom it value, thanks!

Author: I will clarify that the number returns to the number of entries stored in memory.

stuck.
    - Software Bugs or Errors: Errors in the training code or the underlying libraries and frameworks can also cause a job to
get stuck.
    - Synchronization Issues: In distributed training, different parts of the computation are often run in parallel and need
to be synchronized at certain points. If this synchronization fails, the job can get stuck. For example, a deadlock can
occur if one or ranks fail to join a collective while the remaining ranks have joined. This results in an
indefinite wait for the job to progress.

Flight Recorder, as the name suggests, captures diagnostics information as collectives run. The captured diagnostic
information can be used to help root cause the underlying issue when jobs get stuck.
There are 2 core parts to flight recorder.
- The collection portion. When enabled, information about collectives are recorded in an in-memory circular buffer.
Upon job timeout, or on demand, the in-memory buffer can be retrieved or dumped to file.
- An analyzer script is available in the `pytorch/tools/flight_recorder` directory (details below).

Prerequisites
-------------

> None. This is a new debugging tool that is available in PyTorch version 2.5.

Reviewer 3: Shall we put `PyTorch 2.5 or later` as the prerequisite?

            "filename": "<string>",
            "line": 1
          }
        ],
        "record_id": 0,
        "pg_id": 0,
        "process_group": ("0", "default_pg"),
        "collective_seq_id": 1,
        "p2p_seq_id": 0,
        "op_id": 1,
        "profiling_name": "nccl:all_reduce",
        "time_created_ns": 1724779239936775119,
        "input_sizes": [[3, 4]],
        "input_dtypes": ["Float"],
        "output_sizes": [[3, 4]],
        "output_dtypes": ["Float"],
        "state": "completed",
        "time_discovered_started_ns": null,
        "time_discovered_completed_ns": 1724779239975811724,
        "retired": true,
        "timeout_ms": 600000,
        "is_p2p": false
      },
    ...]
  }

Analyzing Flight Recorder Dumps
-------------------------------
We have convenient scripts available in `pytorch/tools/flight_recorder` directory that can be used to analyze captured
data.

1. In order to run the convenience script, all files from a rank must first be copied over into a single directory.

2. To run it, one can use command line:
.. code:: python
  python fr_trace.py -d <dump dir containing trace files> [-o <output file>]

Conclusion
----------

> This tutorial introduces a new PyTorch diagnostic tool called `flight recorder`. The tutorial talks about how flight
> recorder can be enabled to collect diagnostic data from a machine.
> Data captured from flight recorder can be analyzed using a convenience script in the `tools/flight_recorder` directory
> in the PyTorch repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we have learned about a new PyTorch diagnostic tool called  Flight Recorder. 
We have discussed how to enable Flight Recorder to collect diagnostic data from a machine.
Additionally, we explored how to analyze the data captured from the flight recorder using a
convenience script located in the `tools/flight_recorder <https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/tree/main/tools/flight_recorder>`__
directory of the PyTorch repository.
```
